docs(Accordion): update API decision for modified Accordion (#2058)
razorpay/blade: packages/blade/src/components/Accordion/_decisions/decisions.md

Sample usage, composes `Accordion` and `AccordionItem`:

> 

Author: done

```jsx
import {
  Accordion,
  AccordionItem,
  AccordionItemTrigger,
  AccordionItemBody,
} from '@razorpay/blade/components';

<Accordion showNumberPrefix defaultExpandedIndex={0}>
  <AccordionItem>
    {/* With title and description defined */}
    <AccordionItemTrigger title="Can I create linked accounts using Route?" />
    <AccordionItemBody>
      <Text>
        You can use Razorpay Route from the Dashboard or using APIs to transfer money to customers.
      </Text>
    </AccordionItemBody>
  </AccordionItem>
  {/* With custom slot for trigger */}
  <AccordionItem>
    <AccordionItemTrigger>

>       <div>Trigger Slot</div>

Reviewer: In this case the props passed to `AccordionItemTrigger` will be ignored?

Author: if you add `title`, it renders above the slot. This is configured in our BaseHeader

</Accordion>;
```

</details>

#### Diff between deprecated version and new version

1. AccordionItem accepts AccordionItemHeader and AccordionItemBody components now

> 2. `title`, `icon` props from AccordionItem will be available on AccordionTrigger

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. `title`, `icon` props from AccordionItem will now be available on AccordionItemHeader
```

| description (⚠️ deprecated) | `string`                        | `undefined`  | Body text content                                                                                                                                 |          |
| icon (⚠️ deprecated)        | `IconComponent`                 | `undefined`  | Renders a Blade icon as title prefix (requires `showNumberPrefix={false}`)                                                                        |          |
| variant                     | `bordered`, `borderless`        | `borderless` | Visual variant of AccordionItem                                                                                                                   |          |
| children                    | `JSX`                           | `undefined`  | Accepts [`AccordionItemTrigger`](#accordionitemtrigger) and [`AccordionItemBody`](#accordionitembody). Accepting other JSX elements is deprecated | ✅       |
| isExpanded                  | `boolean`                       | `undefined`  | Expanded state control when individual item is used                                                                                               |          |

> | onExpandChange              | (isExpanded: `boolean`) => void | `undefined`  | Callback for handling change in expand state when individual item is used                                                                         |          |

Reviewer: Do we need these props? I think we should not allow individual usage of `AccordionItem`, it should always be wrapped within `Accordion`.

```js
<Accordion defaultExpandedIndex="0" onExpandChange={() => {}} >
 <AccordionItem>
    <AccordionItemTrigger
      title="Accordion Title"
      icon={QRIcon}
    />
    <AccordionItemBody>
      <Text>Information inside Accordion</Text>
    </AccordionItemBody>
  </AccordionItem>
 </Accordion>
```

Author: yes I am yet to update it here

#### AccordionItemTrigger

| Key         | Type            | Default     | Description                                                                | Required |
| ----------- | --------------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| title       | `string`        | `undefined` | Title text content                                                         |          |
| description | `string`        | `undefined` | Body text content                                                          |          |
| icon        | `IconComponent` | `undefined` | Renders a Blade icon as title prefix (requires `showNumberPrefix={false}`) |          |
| children    | `JSX`           | `undefined` | Slot                                                                       |          |

#### AccordionItemBody

| Key      | Type  | Default     | Description | Required |
| -------- | ----- | ----------- | ----------- | -------- |

> | children | `JSX` | `undefined` | Slot        | ✅       |

Reviewer: Did you mean?

```suggestion
| children | `React.ReactNode` | `undefined` | Slot        | ✅       |
```

Author: Yup

| description (⚠️ deprecated) | `string`          | `undefined` | Body text content                                                                                                                               |          |
| icon (⚠️ deprecated)        | `IconComponent`   | `undefined` | Renders a Blade icon as title prefix (requires `showNumberPrefix={false}`)                                                                      |          |
| children                    | `React.ReactNode` | `undefined` | Accepts [`AccordionItemHeader`](#AccordionItemHeader) and [`AccordionItemBody`](#accordionitembody). Accepting other JSX elements is deprecated | ✅       |

#### AccordionItemHeader

| Key         | Type              | Default     | Description                                              | Required |
| ----------- | ----------------- | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| title       | `string`          | `undefined` | Title text content                                       |          |
| subtitle    | `string`          | `undefined` | Subtitle text content                                    |          |

> | titleSuffix | `React.ReactNode` | `undefined` | Suffix part of title. Mostly for Badge                   |          |

Reviewer 2: how will we prevent people accidentally using titleSuffix and trailing interchangeable?

Author: It renders at 2 difference places. titleSuffix is immediately after title vs trailing is on the extreme right. So depending on the design they will use the correct parameter.

<img width="850" alt="image" src="https://github.com/razorpay/blade/assets/30949385/5c91827b-f4d7-49a7-8a08-3cfaee47438e">

<img width="807" alt="image" src="https://github.com/razorpay/blade/assets/30949385/1435cdf8-1f90-473c-9214-b76611c6d6d3">

  return (
    <Accordion expandedIndex={index} onExpandChange={onExpandChange}>
      <AccordionItem>
        <AccordionItemTrigger title="How can I setup Route?" />
        <AccordionItemBody>
          <Text>
            You can use Razorpay Route from the Dashboard or using APIs to transfer money to
            customers.
          </Text>
        </AccordionItemBody>
      </AccordionItem>
      <AccordionItem>
        <AccordionItemTrigger title="How can I setup QR Codes?" />
        <AccordionItemBody>
          <Text>Just use Razorpay</Text>
        </AccordionItemBody>
      </AccordionItem>
    </Accordion>
  );
};
```

#### With Individual Item

```tsx
const App = () => {
  const [isOpen, setIsOpen] = useState(0);

  return (

>     <AccordionItem

Reviewer: I don't think we should allow this usage. It should always be wrapped within `Accordion` & the API remains consistent.

## Open questions

- **Q1.** Is the deviation in props and using index for controlled state a fine tradeoff? Please post alternatives with usecase and rationale otherwise.
  - **Ans:** Yes.
- **Q2.** `AccordionItemHeader` vs `AccordionItemHeader` vs `AccordionItemControl`
  - **Ans:** `AccordionItemHeader`
- **Q3.** [Proposed API](#api) vs [Alternate API](#alternate-api-for-custom-trigger)
  - **Ans:** Proposed API with deprecations for earlier API
- **Q4.** `variant="bordered | borderless"` vs `variant="filled | transparent"`

>   - **Ans:** ⚠️ TBD

Reviewer: I'd say `variant: "normal' | 'transparent"`

## Open questions

- **Q1.** Is the deviation in props and using index for controlled state a fine tradeoff? Please post alternatives with usecase and rationale otherwise.
  - **Ans:** Yes.

> - **Q2.** `AccordionItemTrigger` vs `AccordionItemHeader` vs `AccordionItemControl`

Reviewer: +1 for `AccordionHeader`.
